[Applause]
in other sports news we had a new
episode of The Bachelor tonight and
we're down to the semi-finals bachelor
peter has his women whittled down to 6
now this is the time of the season which
is great for me because I can actually
start to tell them apart but much of the
focus tonight was on McKenna and Tammy
they don't get along so naturally they
got the dreaded two-on-one date but
before things got started McKenna I
don't know I think she ate and
regurgitated an Oprah Magazine because
she sat down with Tammy and gave her the
what seemed to be the last remaining
piece of her mind I don't know what your
goal was the other night maybe to make
me feel small and weak at the end of the
day you made me found my damn voice and
I'm a strong woman and I will not let
people like you tear me down any more
and make me feel like that any less a
person I do not deserve any love because
any day I'm proud of Who I am Tammy
that's right
Tammy Tammy did not survive the
two-on-one we kind of made it out of
two-on-one but not for long at the end
at ceremony Peter sent her home Rose
lists and that is when McKenna delivered
one of the most dramatic and dare I say
inspiring goodbyes in bachelor history
I know that this girl right here is
tough
and strong and she is powerful
then she's beautiful and she knows what
she deserves
more than anything even though I wanted
to end up here in love I feel like I'm
more madly in love with who I am and
anything alright so at least she found
someone I mean it was her I have to say
that speech actually sounded familiar to
me and I was thinking about it like
where did I he and then I figured out
where I heard it before I know that this
girl right here is stuff and it's strong
and she's powerful and she's beautiful
and she knows what is in this ER
even though I wanted to end up here in
love I feel like I'm more madly in love
with Who I am
[Applause]
if you liked that video click subscribe
and we'll be together until one of us
dies